Nguyễn Lê Tuân Duy - BI9_082
Hà Tuấn Dũng - BI9_075

SEMAT picture:
- The SEMAT picture describe an overview about the process of a project for Software Engineering. SEMAT is for Software Engineering Method and Theory and this picture will help people to understand more about this appoach.
-1st thing we always have is stakeholders, they will find an opotunity and the opotunity is created in a software system. Software system helps to address the opotunity. It fullfills requirements even if you have no documents - an ideal or intend is good enough. Requirements is also demanded by the stakeholders. To fullfill the requirements, you have to scope and constrain your work. Futhermore, work will update and change the software system. There's always have a team to produce the solfware. They perform and plan the work to do. The stakeholders will support the team and the team will apply the way of working in order to guide the work. The producers from team also affect the Software System also and the result of teamwork will directedly address the opportunity. All of this above factors can be divided into 3 parts: Customer, Solution, and Endeavor. Customer is the one make demand and create a problem to solve, for that reason, it include Stakeholders and Opportunity. To solve the problem, we must have Solution, in which is the list of requirements to deal and the Software System to solve. Finally is Endeavor - what we do to implement our solution, that is team, work and connect between that two factor is the way of Working. 