Nguyễn Công Thành(BI9-210) and Lê Huy Quang(BI9-195)

The kernel is described using a small subset of the Language defined in Clause 9 Language Specification. It is organized into three areas of concern, each containing a small number of: Alphas, Activity Spaces, Competencies. The Kernel is organized into three discrete areas of concern, each focusing on a specific aspect of software engineering: customer, solution and endeavour. Customer has 2 alphas: opportunity and stakeholders. Opportunity provides the reason why the software is developed, represents the stakeholders needs, provides the set of circumstances that makes it appropriate to develop or change the software system. Stakeholders is everything that is affected by the software system. The stakeholders provide the opportunity and are the source of the requirements and funding for the software system. The team members are also stakeholders. As much stakeholder involvement as possible throughout a software engineering endeavor is important to support the team and ensure that an acceptable software system is produced. Next, about Solution there are 2 alphas : Requirements and Software System. Requirement  discover what is needed from the software system, share this understanding among the stakeholders and the team members, and use it to drive the development and testing of the new system. Software Sytem  made up of software, hardware, and data that provides its primary value by the execution of the software and  can be part of a larger software, hardware, or business solution. The last, Endeavor has 3 alphas : Work, Team, Way of Working. Work  is everything that the team does to meet the goals of producing a software system matching the requirements, and addressing the opportunity, presented by the stakeholders. The work is guided by the practices that make up the team’s Way of Working. Team is a group of people actively engaged in the development, maintenance, delivery, or support of a specific software system. Way of Working which is the team evolves their way of working alongside their understanding of their mission and their working environment. As their work proceeds they continually reflect on their way of working and adapt it as necessary to their current context. 
