Name: Nguyen Duc Anh; Tran Minh Hieu
ID: BI9-041 + BI9-101
Major: Cyber Security; ICT

All softwares must be contributing and beneficial to existing needs of the people and community. The first section: **Customer** in the SEMAT picture properly points out this first basic principal of creating a software. Stakeholders are why programs are created in the first place. In order for the program to be used and be profitable, it must capture the interests of stakeholders. Software developers, therefore, should know the current demand of people and realize the **opportunity** to create a software solution to address that particular demand. So the uppermost level, is the one we concern the most, it is the sole reason on why the software exists in the first place.aa

For example, when attempting to create a software with an aim for profits, hypothetically if there exists a lack of online shopping in your current are, there exists an opportunity to create a software solution such as an e-commerce platform to address that problem. As the second section: **Solution** mentions, stakeholders will use and consume solutions that makes their current living condition more convenient provided if their demands on what the software functionalities should be are met. Therefore, when building a software system, certain requirements should be laid out so that the softwares should not be created in a buggy manner or going astray from what truly is demanded. It is essential to focus on the requirements right at the beginning of planning out the softwares to provide essential functionalities accordingly to what customers expect.

To create a good software system, a team should be formed to produce it. That is the core message of section 3: **Endeavor**. It is an attempt to build the most functional, effecient and helpful software. Considering the size of a team and what the requirements are, scopes and restrainst should be set so that unnecessary work or overwork will not be done, as a result, saving time and effort. The team, being separated into different department, will perform and plan these work, updating and changing the software system accordingly to feedback from customers. In addition, a way of working should be applied to guide new members of the team into working and set a standard so that dividing workload and managing teams become more easy.

